Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/replaceText.md

## Usage
```
$replaceText[text;sample;new;(howMany)]
```

### Parameters
- `text` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text where the bot is searching for the 'sample'.
- `sample` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to replace with 'new'.
- `new` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The text to replace 'sample' with.

> - `how many` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Optional)` : How many times the bot should replace the sample *(if there is multiple arguments in 'text' that match 'sample')*.  Use `-1` to replace all 'sample' in 'text' with 'new'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `text` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The text where the bot is searching for the 'sample'.
- `sample` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The text to replace with 'new'.
- `new` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The text to replace 'sample' with.
- `howMany` `(Type: Integer || Flag: Optional)`: The number of times, at most, the bot should replace the sample.  Use `-1` to replace all 'sample' in 'text' with 'new'.
```
